Added setting to turn off login experience v2 (#4326)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs-cli: docs-ref-conceptual/authenticate-azure-cli-interactively.md

* The subscription selector is only available when using the `az login` command.
* You aren't prompted to select a subscription when you're logging in with a service principal or managed identity.

> If you encounter any issue and want to rever to the previous login experience, run the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If want to disable the subscription selector feature, run the following commands:
```

```azurecli-interactive

> az config set core.login_experience_v2=off

Reviewer: ```suggestion
az account clear
az config set core.login_experience_v2=off
```

Reviewer: @jiasli , @dcaro , the `az clear` isn't required, it just seems to make the shut-off of the feature cleaner in my thinking.  If there is a definite reason NOT to include it in the code block, please <resolve> my suggestion w/o adding the line.

az login
```

> 

Reviewer 2: This was originally documented at https://github.com/Azure/azure-cli/pull/28910.

Reviewer: This code block is in lines 107 - 109
